feat(docs): add kind - ingress instructions to deploy model registry (#410)
kubeflow/model-registry: CONTRIBUTING.md

and now you can substitute `gmake` every time the make command is mentioned in guides (or perform the path management per the caveat).

## Local kubernetes deployment of Model Registry

To test the Model Registry locally without mocking the k8s calls, the Model Registry backend can be deployed using Kind.

### Prerequisites

The following tools need to be installed in your local environment:

- [Podman](https://podman.io/) (Docker should also work)
- [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl)
- [kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/quick-start/#installation)

Choose the networking setup that fits your needs, either port-forwarding or Ingress.

### Port-forwarding guide

Create a Kind cluster with the following command:

```sh
kind create cluster
```

> and then follow the steps from this link [Installation guide](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/model-registry/installation/#standalone-installation) to set up the port-forwarding and deploy the Model Registry on the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and then follow the steps from the [Installation guide](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/model-registry/installation/#standalone-installation) on the Kubeflow website, to set up the port-forwarding and deploy the Model Registry on the cluster.
```

wdyt?

Author: 👍 definitely better
